>> Welcome to House
of Well-Being.
You're listening to the
Insecurity in a Relationship
Mind Talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please, be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and enjoy
all those peaceful feelings
and benefits that come with it.
I'd like you now to
make sure that you're
in a comfortable position
with your eyes closed.
And you inhale
deeply, and hold it
for a count of three seconds.
And exhale slowly.
Again, breathe in.
And when you're ready,
you exhale slowly.
And one more time,
inhaling deeply now,
and exhaling when you're ready.
And you can start to feel
every part of your body
releasing now and relaxing.
Each time you're inhaling,
you're bringing more oxygen
into your body.
And each time you exhale,
it causes your body
to keep relaxing more and more.
And now, you can continue
breathing easily and freely
at your body's normal pace.
Gentle breaths in and out as
you normally would breathe,
feeling yourself becoming
more calm and peaceful.
And your subconscious
mind will always
be aware of what
I'm saying to you.
So it becomes less
and less important
for you to consciously
listen to my voice.
Your subconscious mind and
all levels of your inner mind
can hear and receive
everything I tell you.
And your conscious mind
can relax completely now.
And you're continuing
to experience
perfect peace of mind.
And you can feel yourself
moving into the situation
I described to you.
It's going to happen
automatically.
You don't even need to
think about it consciously.
I'd like you to imagine yourself
lying in a comfortable position
near a stream of fresh, clear
water in a beautiful forest
on a perfect summer day.
There's a warm, gentle breeze,
and the air is fresh and clean.
The sound of the peaceful
stream is so relaxing now.
And it keeps becoming
less important
for you to consciously
listen to my voice,
because your subconscious
mind is hearing and receiving
everything I'm saying.
And in your mind, you're
enjoying the beauty of nature
as the sunlight shines
through the trees,
and you listen to the
gentle flow of water
and the birds
singing cheerfully.
And you're lying there
comfortably relaxing now,
so peaceful.
And you continue feeling more
relaxed than ever before.
As you continue enjoying this
peaceful, pleasant experience,
a soothing drowsiness is
coming over your whole body
from the top of your head
to the bottom of your feet.
You continue feeling calmer,
more relaxed, and more secure.
And now, as you lie
with your eyes closed,
you are so relaxed and
comfortable and happy
that you continue moving into
a more peaceful, more detached
state.
It may seem like you're
drifting into a state of sleep.
And there may be times when
it seems like my voice is
a long distance away.
There may be times
when I'm talking to you
and you're not consciously
aware of my voice.
And that's fine, because
your subconscious mind
is receiving every word I say.
And from now on you
will be influenced only
by positive thoughts,
ideas, and feelings.
More calm, secure, and relaxed.
More comfortable and at ease.
More in control of
yourself at all times.
Your mind enables
you to be relaxed
and calm as you go about the
activities of your daily life.
And now in a moment, I'm going
to count down from 10 to 1.
And when I get the
count of one, you'll
have relaxed into a deep,
deep state of relaxation.
And now, take a deep breath
in and exhale slowly when
you're ready.
So 10, focusing your
attention on your feet.
Think about your feet, about
those feet and toes and ankles.
Allow them to tense and
then release and get loose.
Nine, now all those
muscles in your legs,
your calves, and your
knees, your thighs.
Releasing those muscles now.
Feeling your legs becoming
heavier and heavier.
Eight, now feeling that
relaxation spreading
into your body and your chest.
Seven, now feel that
relaxation in your shoulders,
spreading all the way
down into your arms,
down into your hands
and your fingers.
Your arms are feeling heavy.
So relaxed, as if they
belong to someone else now.
And six, allow your
neck to release,
aware of your face
relaxing, your cheeks
and your jaw, your lips.
Five, let your eyes relax.
Your eyebrows, your forehead.
And four, everything
feels loose and heavy
as if your arms and
legs were made of stone.
Totally relaxed.
You can feel the
weight pressing down
and you can't be bothered to
move your arms and legs now.
You can enjoy the feeling
of total relaxation
and letting go.
The more you relax,
the more you release.
And three, as your
mind drifts off,
you feel a wave of relaxation
traveling down your body.
Down from the top of your
head, relaxing your face,
your neck, your shoulders, your
body spreading down and down.
And two, each
soft, gentle breath
relaxing you more and more.
Nothing matters now.
This is your time.
And one, totally relaxed now.
Totally at ease.
A place where you feel
relaxed and comfortable.
Think of what that
place is like.
Maybe a beach or a favorite
chair, or snuggled warm in bed
on a stormy night.
Maybe floating in
some warm water.
Allow your mind to drift
over these things, whatever
feels right for you.
Nothing matters.
This is your time to relax.
Just being in the moment
and letting your mind
empty as you enjoy the state
of deep relaxation now.
I'd like to focus now on
your feelings of insecurity
in your relationship.
And we know that many people
feel jealous and insecure
in their relationships, even if
they're loved unconditionally
by their partner.
Whether you are in a
relatively new relationship
or a long relationship,
today we're
going to help you start
to feel more secure.
Relationships in
particular may stir up
past hurts and experiences.
They may awaken insecurities
that you've long buried.
And perhaps they'll bring up
emotions that you don't expect.
And sometimes, when you feel
insecure in a relationship,
it's because you haven't dealt
with whatever's putting you
in a negative state.
For instance, is it
that your needs aren't
being met by your relationship?
Or could it be something
outside your union,
perhaps a lack of
self-confidence
or fear of the unknown?
Whatever it is, there's
an internal dialogue
that accompanies our
feelings of insecurity,
and that's called our
critical inner voice.
Listening to this inner
critic can do serious damage
to your relationship.
It may cause you to feel
desperate towards your partner
or pull back when things
start to get serious.
So today, we're going
to start by interrupting
that negative critical
inner voice within.
So from now on in, when
a negative thought comes
into your mind about
your relationship,
you firstly recognize when
the thought is taking over.
You then intentionally
stop that thought
and replace it with positive,
happy thoughts immediately,
happy times that you've
had with your partner.
It may be kind or sweet things
that you've said or enjoyed
together.
You fuel your mind
with positive thinking
about your relationship, which
in turn causes you to feel more
positive about your partner.
So as soon as you start
thinking those critical negative
thoughts, you immediately
flip them on their head
and replace with
positive thoughts.
By doing this regularly,
you'll be rerouting
those inner negative
thought patterns,
And your thinking
will slowly start
to become much more positive,
instinctively and naturally.
You know that negative thinking
isn't always based on facts.
It can be based on
your own insecurities
from your past, a lack
of self-confidence,
and not always
something that might
be wrong in your relationship.
So you start by building
up your self-confidence
and not assuming the problem
in the relationship is you.
If your partner doesn't
feel like going out,
you believe and trust that
they simply are just too tired
or have another reason.
It's not because they don't
want to spend time with you.
You no longer psychoanalyze
every word choice
your partner makes as
you start to feel more
present in the moment, noticing
other things like their tone,
their physical
presence and posture,
and how positive and welcoming
these other signs are.
Instead of obsessing
about hidden meanings
in things that are being said
between you and your partner,
you now only see the facts.
You no longer feel the
need to question every move
or something your partner says.
You trust your partner.
You start to enjoy the
silences with your partner
without the need to fill
every second with words.
You try and keep the peace
in your relationship,
no longer pointing blame,
confronting your partner
over problems, which usually
leads to them being defensive.
You approach any
tricky situations
in a relaxed and
rational manner,
communicating calmly to get
your point across and resolve
any issues rather
than causing a fight.
From now on, you let go of
any bad past relationship
experiences, realizing that
they belong in the past.
Things are different now.
You are different now.
Trust in why you're
in this relationship,
knowing that you are
just where you need
to be with who you need to be.
You don't want to bring any past
baggage into your relationship,
so you lighten the load and let
go of any past experience that
no longer serves you.
From now on, you let go of
any self-doubt or insecurities
that you have about yourself.
I'd like you now to
visualize yourself putting
the words to describe your
past relationship baggage
or self-doubt and
insecurities into a box.
Pick up each word, and place it
gently in a box in front of you
one by one.
Take your time now to think
of all those past self
doubts and insecurities as
you place them into a box.
And once all the words are
in the box, you close the lid
and you lock it.
From now on in, you leave
those feelings behind.
You're starting
afresh now as you
realize now is a
great opportunity
to put all of that behind
you and to move on,
to start afresh as you feel
confident about yourself
and your relationship.
You know that if your
partner no longer wanted
to be in a relationship,
then they would simply
leave the relationship.
They have chosen to be with you.
They want to be with you.
And that fills your heart
with love and self-confidence.
You're an amazing
and smart individual,
and you realize that any person
would be lucky to have you
as their partner.
You no longer assume
that you know everything
that your partner is thinking or
wanting from the relationship.
And you start asking them
and talking and communicating
with them instead.
No more assuming, knowing
that better communication
will only strengthen
your relationship
and improve trust and
security more and more.
Having someone to
be affectionate with
and to share your life with
is nothing short of wonderful.
But before you need
that in a relationship,
you now learn to
love yourself first.
Every day you make sure you
take a moment to appreciate
all the good things you
know about yourself;
what you like about
yourself, what you respect,
what you've achieved in
life, how other people
appreciate and need you.
You put love for yourself
front and center,
knowing that in
order to love others,
you need to love yourself first.
From now on in, you feel
full of love, happiness,
self-confidence, and
security when you
think about your relationship.
You trust your partner.
You trust that they
want to be with you.
You trust in what
you have as a couple,
and that together you
can communicate and work
through anything.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now with
one, two, three, four, five.
Eyes open when you're ready.